README.md, before:

# PowerShell scripts
## Introduction
Hi! I'm Kevin, a Microsoft Exchange engineer.

As a Microsoft Exchange engineers, I've come across multiple situations where writing undocumented PowerShell scripts were necessary. Everytime I provided a PowerShell script, I'd save a copy on my computer for future use.
However, I understand the struggle of some organizations / engineers to find scripts on Microsoft external / internal documentation pages.

Thus I'll be sharing some useful scripts on this repository.

## Content
### Exchange Online
1. [[Script] Distribution lists report](exchange-online/distribution-lists-report.md)
2. [[Script] Forwarding rules report](exchange-online/forwarding-rules-report.md)
3. [[Script] Shared mailboxes report](exchange-online/shared-mailboxes-report.md)
4. [[How To] Read only permission for shared mailboxes](exchange-online/read-only-shared-mailbox.md)
4. [[Best practices] Mailbox audit logs](exchange-online/mailbox-audit-logs.md)

### Azure AD
1. [[How To] Last sign-in report](azure-ad/last-sign-in-report.md)

#### Contributing
Microsoft 365 online support does **not** provide scripting. If you have suggestions, you are welcome to contribute to this documentation or contact me directly instead.

#### Contact
kevinm.ra@hotmail.com

![Microsoft](microsoft-logo.png)

Commit message:

Added large mailbox archive request guide Added draft version of preset security policies Updated ReadMe file

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Docs
## Introduction
Hi! I'm Kevin, a Microsoft Exchange engineer.

As a Microsoft Exchange engineers, I've come across multiple situations where writing undocumented PowerShell scripts were necessary. Everytime I provided a PowerShell script, I'd save a copy on my computer for future use.
However, I understand the struggle of some organizations / engineers to find scripts on Microsoft external / internal documentation pages.

Thus I'll be sharing some useful scripts / guides on this repository.

## Content
### Exchange Online
1. [[Script] Distribution lists report](exchange-online/distribution-lists-report.md)
2. [[Script] Forwarding rules report](exchange-online/forwarding-rules-report.md)
3. [[Script] Shared mailboxes report](exchange-online/shared-mailboxes-report.md)
4. [[How To] Read only permission for shared mailboxes](exchange-online/read-only-shared-mailbox.md)
4. [[Best practices] Mailbox audit logs](exchange-online/mailbox-audit-logs.md)
5. [[How To] Restore a large mailbox](exchange-online/restore-large-mailbox.md)
6. [[Review] Preset security policies in EOP](exchange-online/preset-security-policies.md)

### Azure AD
1. [[How To] Last sign-in report](azure-ad/last-sign-in-report.md)

#### Contributing
Microsoft 365 online support does **not** provide scripting. If you have suggestions, you are welcome to contribute to this documentation or contact me directly instead.

#### Contact
kevinm.ra@hotmail.com

![Microsoft](microsoft-logo.png)
